Npm linking for development (#18)
Green-Software-Foundation/if-docs: docs/07-tutorials/how-to-build-models.md

## Running your model

### Linking local model

> For running local developed model through `if`, `npm link` can be used. Beforehand please specify model name in your `package.json` file's `name` field. After Running `npm link` command in your repository level will create global module, which uses the same name from `package.json` file's `name` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For running a locally developed model through `if`, `npm link` can be used. Beforehand please specify model name in your `package.json` file's `name` field. After Running `npm link` command from your project root repository will create a global module, which uses the same name from `package.json` file's `name` field.
```
